So let's continue our work on this application.
But before we do so I want to dive in to some important concepts or some theory about react which you
also have to understand.
We have two main types of components in react.
We have presentational components and we have state full components you could say or put in other words
we have some components which are relatively dumb which just outputs some content.
Apply some styling some structure and then we have components which also are smarter and manage some
state and orchestrate Dad.
Their child components received new data adds on the card component which I've provided to you for example
is a good example for a presentational for a dump component.
It just renders a div.
It applies some styles and adjust outputs content it receives from outside through props.
The same for the Avatar also very simple user item.
It's the same it's really really dumb.
It has more H HTML elements in there but it only outputs content it gets data from outside and render
instead it has this link which has some built in logic to block interaction and to block navigation
but that's handled by a third party library by another component actually by the link component the
user item component therefore is pretty straightforward.
Only a presentational component.
Same for the users list it has the logic to decide what it renders.
So it's maybe a bit smarter but in the end it still only outputs something on the screen the users component
also is pretty dumb at this point though theoretically the list of users here would be fetched from
a backend so whilst this component is dumb because we have to work with some dummy data this would actually
not be a pure presentational component instead of later in discourse course this will be a component
that does more than just percent.
It will be a component that will actively also fetch the data it wants to show.
Here again we just don't have any backend from which we could fetch at this point.
But this will later be not a dumb presentational component instead later this will be a state full component
which indeed does fetch data.
Now what does this difference mean for you.
How does this impact the way you build your components.
Well it's not really impacting the way you build your components.
It's just important to be aware that there are these two types of components in react smart and dumb
ones state full and presentational ones.
And it shouldn't impact how you build your components but you should be aware of the fact that it's
totally normal to have way more presentational components dump components than state full components.
Typically you have a few components where you manage your data where you fetch data and so on and then
you have way more components that simply control how things are presented and how things are laid out.
That's just some theory about react about components that you can keep in your mind can be helpful in
job interviews and even if you're not looking for those it's helpful knowledge you have if you are a
reactive helper.